Current Rules
Overview: 
Players: 4
Objective: Have your score hit 37 exactly
Setup: 
All players start at 0 score and have an empty queue. 
Basic Turn: 
Use the Roll button next to the die to roll the 2 10 sided dice. Click on one of them (it will invert colors).
This die with inverted colors will be added to your score and the other die will be added to your queue.
When the click happens, score and queue will be updated immediately. To switch selection, click on either of the die. 
Score: 
If adding a value to your score would put your score over 37, subtract that value from your score instead.
If subtracting a value from your score would put it below 0, add that value to your score instead.   


Planned Rules (Not implemented yet):

Queue: 
The queue is a first in first out queue. This queue holds 5 values, so when a value is added to a queue of 5
the first one disappears out of the end the new value is inserted at the beginning. 
Redeeming Poker Hands
Before rolling the dice or after rolling them and selecting which values go to score and queue, 
a player may choose to redeem a poker hand. Only 1 can be redeemed per turn. Poker hands come from 
having certain values in a queue. These values can appear in any order anywhere in the queue, but all must be present. 
Then special actions can be taken depending on which poker hand is chosen. To do so, clicking the corresponding button 
"redeem poker hand." Then an enlarged version of your queue will appear below the dice. 
Click on the values in the queue that you wish to redeem, they will be shown with inverted colors. To undo a selection, 
click on a chosen die again. Click confirm to lock it in or cancel to go back to the menu of chosing poker hand or ending 
turn(enlarged queue disappears). The game will then display which poker hand was made (if none was made, it will display none 
and only provide a cancel button at the bottom) and give prompts for decisions reguarding the special action. Click the buttons 
directly to choose. Unfilled arrows on side show which choices are possible, and filled arrows show what has been selected. 
Alternatively, chosen things will appear in an inverted color. When confirm is clicked, it will update the player's queue to no 
longer have redeemed values inside of it and end their turn. 

